hey guys so today I'm going to show you
how to download clothes and skins and
you know um everything for since - and
I'm very excited because I've been
trying to find this how to download it
for sex month right now and I know
completely now and YouTube didn't help
me at all but this YouTube
it'll help baby um it's really simple
and easy to do and I'll give you guys
some hints and tips about um it um so
you could be excited and I promise you
this will work
okay so first go to XM cents and now
about the tips that I was gonna show you
see like these kind of things it's my
camera almost all just kind of dangerous
okay so go to X and since con and for
skins go to simmer Valley and then go to
model and then click female and that's
how to do it and if you go for hairs and
skins if you go to last page it's like
more professional-looking just letting
you know um so I'm just gonna quickly
down on something I'm in a random page
right now so go to last page to see you
like more better one like first page is
more weirder than the last page so I'm
just gonna do this quickly and then
click Save and then open folder and then
this blue shimmery line will pop out and
left right-click on it and do not
extract here um go to documents yeh
games since - sorry - in Korea um go to
downloads folder if you don't have
downloads folder just make one and then
click paste and then blue shimmer I will
again and I'm quite extract here and
this thing pop out like this little blue
person sitting on a chair I don't know
but that will pop out and then
double-click this the left click and
then allow it and you just have to wait
for the purple box to pop out or
sometimes it will just have this saying
since the little um oh yeah
and now how to download hairs and
clothing it's a little bit different
than skin skins like the purple box
holds up like pops up but the hairs and
clothing and everything doesn't so I'm
just gonna go to accessories just for
fun cuz I never went and that um page
before because I know I'm just gonna
look for like other than earrings like
I'm just gonna look for um like nose
piercing I guess just fun
um but I hope it even has an obvious
thing I don't think it does but see you
like this one it has two piercings
already and left side only oh yeah and
then this purple box will follow that
fall out pop out and then click YES on
some of the files um doesn't have two
buttons so some of the files that means
it doesn't work um so click yes and it a
lot of my lip Ian says too so that's it
that's really it
so I basically um saved open folder went
to documents yay games
um and then Sims 2 and then downloads if
you don't have download soldiers make
one and then paste it on and then on the
blue shimmery line where the blue
shimmery line is I just uh right um um
right-click one and then extract here
and then it'll have like a blue person
sitting on a chair and then double click
the blue person sitting in a chair and
it needs to be a same folder that you
just extracted and then just allow it
and that's it
so um yeah so I'm just going to show you
how to download hairs and clothes and
stuff it's basically saying except the
purple box doesn't pop out it's just
it's more simpler like like for skins
you have to wait for the purple box to
fall out but um close and everything
doesn't so skins are the only one so and
then paste it and then extract here okay
and then this copy of like white top
like white paper will pop out and that
means your completed so I just
downloaded this earring and I'll show
you that's the proof that it worked
obviously I show you guys the proof
again cuz you know I said the purple box
is the one that makes
work I'm just going to go to page six
I'm still looking for not obvious
earrings I'm still looking for like hard
literature double piercing which I found
on or you know other kind of earrings
yeah that's me okay
um oh yeah and it has a headband but I'm
not really gonna do it
mm-hmm sorry this is boring I'll be
right back